The results are out.
AMANE FUJIMIYA 837 POINTS
You got sixth place.
Yeah, that's great.
Why don't you give yourself
a little reward for working so hard?
If you get into the top ten,
I'll grant your wish.
Yeah.
Shiina, congratulations
on getting first place.
MIDTERM EXAM RANKING
GRADE 2
You are the one
who should reward yourself.
Yeah.
But it's not always good
to indulge yourself.
You want to give me a reward?
Like a gift, or something
you want me to do.
Something I want you to do...
Well...
I want you to help me slice
the cucumbers with the slicer.
Not something like that.
You worked hard as well,
so I want to give you...
Slice them and then rub them with salt.
Okay.
Isn't there something else?
No, I'm very content
with my current life.
And I believe that a real wish
should be realized by myself.
A real wish?
Guess what it is.
I don't know.
I thought so.
So it's okay.
We can just keep it like this.
So...
Please lie down, Amane.
No, this...
It's okay if you don't want it.
But you asked for this yourself.
I do want you to do it.
But I feel hesitant when I'm actually
presented with the opportunity.
Um...
Then why did you ask for
something like this?
Because of my male instinct... I guess...
Then you can follow your male instinct.
I'm rewarding you
for your hard work after all.
No need to hesitate.
I'll spoil you as much as you like.
I'll start cleaning your ears now.
Please stay still.
Does it hurt?
No, it feels good.
That's good.
They say this is every man's dream.
Has your dream been fulfilled?
I guess.
You are a guy after all.
What else can I be?
Okay, please turn to me now.
Wait, if I turn this way...
Amane, what's wrong?
Don't mind me.
Amane, can I stroke your
hair when we are done?
Whatever you want.
Okay.
Okay, it's done.
She's spoiling me into a loser.
It's not often I get to see you like this.
And whose fault is it?
It's my fault.
I just want to spoil you and touch you.
Your hair feels so nice.
Does it? Your hair feels much more silky.
You must take care of it well.
Is it okay that I stroke your hair
without asking for permission?
I like being touched by you.
Saying something like that
will get you carried away.
How unguarded.
Mahiru, wake up.
This feels really familiar.
Geez.
She doesn't even know how I feel.
It'd be so much easier if
I could just confess out loud.
Mahiru, wake up. You should go home.
You need to answer, okay?
Okay...
It smells so nice...
She really is...
Mahiru, it's late. You should go home.
We have school tomorrow.
You don't want to oversleep.
I'll take you to your door.
Good night...
There's no other way.
Mahiru, it seems like
you are really sleepy.
I'll take you to your room.
Can you give me your key?
SHIINA
Sorry about this.
This is her bedroom...
You are home.
I'll give you back your key,
so don't worry.
Amane.
She didn't mean anything by it...
I'm going home, okay?
No.
Seems like it's willing to
sleep with you for me.
Just go to sleep.
It's scary how much
she lets her guard down.
FUJIMIYA
G-Good morning.
Morning, why did you come this early?
Right, you must be here for your key.
Sorry that I brought it with me.
I'll give it back now.
No, well, that's right.
But that's not it...
Here.
Thank you.
-Can I ask you a question?
-Uh-huh.
I have a framed photo on my table.
Framed photo?
I didn't see it. What's wrong?
Did I break it by accident?
No, I'm glad you didn't see it.
That's all.
I tried not to look at your room.
I just saw the plushies
I gave you on the shelf,
and the teddy bear by the pillow
which I assume you hold when you sleep.
Please forget those meaningless things.
But you said before...
I was holding a plushie when I slept...
Is it because...
Because you were half-asleep,
you asked me to sleep next to you.
That's just not possible.
Sleep next to me?
Did I really say that?
Not so explicitly, but...
You called my name and tapped your bed.
N-No!
I've never thought about... that!
It's just because I feel
comfortable being with you.
It doesn't mean I have
that kind of desire...
I just wanted the human warmth
or something like that.
Yes... that's it.
What do you mean?
Please don't ask any more questions.
You have to be more careful.
Even though we are close,
you can't stay over on a whim.
You were sleeping quite
soundly on my lap though.
That's a different story!
But I could do something to you.
Like what?
Let me think...
I could play a prank on you
and take your pictures.
I feel like you'd really do it.
Please don't.
And...
We have different
understandings of "do something."
You really have to be careful.
I understand. Don't worry.
You definitely don't understand.
You are being rude. I told you I do.
Don't underestimate me.
You wouldn't have done
that if you really understand.
You are too naive.
You'd better think carefully...
Who's the one that doesn't understand?
SEIJO HIGH SCHOOL
-Come on!
-Kadowaki!
Nice one.
Okay, it's our turn.
How do you still have the energy
for sports on a boiling day like this?
Itsuki!
Good luck!
You'll be the winner!
You have the energy too now, right?
Shut up.
FUJIMIYA
Good morning.
I know it's inappropriate
to bother you this early.
But I want you to make sure
of something before I go out.
Make sure?
I changed into my summer uniform.
Does it look fine?
Summer uniform...
Well... um...
Yes?
Is it a good idea to go with bare legs?
But only a few girls
wear stockings at school.
Yeah, but are you sure it's a good idea?
I don't think it is.
Do you mean it's unbearable
to see my bare legs?
No. But I think you shouldn't
show so much skin.
The guys will stare.
Aren't you going to stare too?
It's rude to say something like that!
You've seen my bare legs
when I sprained my ankle.
That was an emergency.
I had no ulterior motive at all.
And I covered your legs with my coat.
So you have an ulterior motive now?
N... No.
You are stuttering. Very suspicious.
I'm really not!
Don't get so worked up.
Sorry, my joking went too far.
Don't worry.
I brought stockings.
Come on.
You don't mind me seeing your bare legs?
Did you show your legs to me like that
because you felt it was okay
for me to see them?
How do I put it...
Actually, being seen by you...
You don't mind it at all.
It's not that... I don't mind at all...
Then don't do that anymore.
Only show them to the one you want to.
W-What if I told you, I came over
because I wanted to show you?
I wanted to see your reaction.
Although you just kept saying
it wasn't a good idea.
Of course, you can't do that!
Because... well...
Because it's dangerous.
I wouldn't know where I should look.
Don't I look good in the uniform?
You do. You look very cute.
But please put on
your stockings as soon as possible.
Okay.
I wanted you to be the first one to
see me in the summer uniform.
I'm glad that I came here.
Mahiru, you changed into
the summer uniforms.
Yeah.
It's getting hot after all.
Right, let's go buy some new clothes
for summer next weekend.
Are you in a bad mood?
I'm not.
Itsuki.
Let's go home together.
We are going on a "No extra class
today that's great" date.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
Let's go somewhere too.
We don't have club activities today.
Yeah, why not.
Shiina, what are you doing?
These are some papers on Sports Day.
The teacher asked me to bind
them up when I have time.
Sorry, Kadowaki.
Can I take a rain check?
Yeah, I was thinking
about the same thing.
That's it.
I didn't want to take up your time.
You didn't.
I just voluntarily used my time.
Idiot.
She's not just sucking up to the teachers,
but she even does it to the guys.
She has "someone important," says the
person who fawns over guys nonetheless.
She's such a people pleaser.
Are you bothered about
what happened at school?
Of course.
It doesn't bother me though.
I knew people would say such things.
I'd be more surprised if they don't.
Is that so?
Yeah, I can't get everyone to like me.
It'd be terrifying if someone can do that.
Some girls don't see eye to eye with me.
They don't make it obvious,
only because the majority
of people speak highly of me.
It's better to go along with others
and not to cause a scene.
Doesn't it hurt you?
It will upset me
if they say it to my face.
But those people at school today,
they don't hate me as a person.
What they hate is
my appearance or status.
The girls who like Kadowaki are probably
afraid that you'll take him as your own.
Most of the guys will be head over heels
if you show interest in them.
And it seems like
you are not one of those guys.
Well... I...
Kadowaki is not my type though.
I mean...
We are in a pretty similar place.
So we won't feel
that way about each other.
You and Kadowaki are
seemingly a bit alike.
But he's not that drastically
different in private as you are.
You say it like I'm two-faced.
Is the contrast really that big?
Well... How should I put it...
The real you is a lot cuter
than the Angel you are trying to be.
At first, I thought you
were cold and strict.
But as I get to know you, I realized
you are honest and you get shy easily.
There is quite a difference...
And who's the one that makes me shy?
I... didn't do it on purpose.
It's your fault exactly because
you didn't do that on purpose.
The same goes for you.
And you even went further.
What do you mean?
You make physical contact
without noticing it.
It puts me in an awkward position.
Th-That's not intentional.
Well, sometimes... but mostly it's not.
I know it's not intentional.
But you have to be careful as a girl,
or you'll be misunderstood.
I only do that to you.
I know that too.
That's why I'm warning you.
See? You are doing it again.
It is intentional this time.
Although it might be contrary
to what I said before,
I always behaved like
an angel that everybody loves,
but recently I started
to feel like it's time to quit.
Quit?
It's okay not to be a good kid.
If someone saw the real me
and is willing to accept me,
then I can just be my real self.
You will always watch over me, right?
Can I ask you for a favor?
You are the only one who can do this.
Please watch over me.
We've agreed after all.
Yeah, that's our promise.
So I thought I don't need
to pretend anymore.
I won't make any drastic changes
at school for now,
but I won't be so strict
on myself anymore.
I see.
Are you upset?
No.
I'm just happy you changed your thoughts.
I think that's a good thing too.
But I'm thinking about something myself.
What is it? Tell me.
But...
I won't get mad.
I don't think you'll say anything hurtful.
Well...
Don't laugh.
You said you won't pretend anymore.
I just feel a bit complicated
knowing that other people
might get to see the real you.
I know I'll sound arrogant
or ridiculous to you.
Amane, you are so cute.
Come on, what's cute about a guy like me?
Everything.
Not handsome though?
Very handsome.
You are very cute and handsome.
More handsome than anyone.
That's enough. I get it...
That's exactly what makes you so cute.
I'll hush you if you say
something like that again.
With what?
What else? My hand, of course.
Then it doesn't scare me at all.
Even if you don't think so,
for me, you are really handsome.
I've seen so many good things about you.
You are so cute.
NEXT EPISODE